How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It reduced the content of the files to those lines, that where really changed.
In that way, you quickly can find any errors like misspelling


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

You do not have to spend a lot of time in searching for older versions of your files.
Even changes made by someone else can be found quickly.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

You have the freedome to choose the right time for a commit, but you are also responsible to do commits regularly.
When doing a commit, you have a status of your code, in which it makes sense to do the commit; when automatically commited there could be code, which is not ready to compile


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

It depends on what kind of files you are working with. When having different files with code in it, where you can have variables in all or some of the files (means, changes will affect more than just one file), it makes sense, to save all the files at once.
When working on files without correlation to each other (like pictures or separate text-files) there is no need, to save all of them at the same time.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

With git log you can see the changes that where made within a certain file. Each commit creates a unique ID; comparing two ID's with git diff shows the lines that were deleted or added.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Since you can move back to the previous version of your code where there've been no error, you do not have to fix what you broke but you can just go on working with the older version.


